Snapshots with tree-traversal and one-shot (#8140)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Improvements 🛠</h3>

> * `qml.snapshots` can now be used with `mcm_method="one-shot"` and `mcm_method="tree-traversal"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :func:`pennylane.snapshots` can now be used with `mcm_method="one-shot"` and `mcm_method="tree-traversal"`.
```
